I counsel cuz these niggas on the south
side it's getting hostile one molehill
and I'm in the clear but the DG tag got
these stitches in the ear but just to
think I used two brandies niggas now I
paid big stack system
dad these niggas are everything big
nigga everything dig from the ass so my
chick to my love of the grid everything
dig dig everything digs its tax big rats
you know what it is everything needs to
get every deep dig from the ass on my
chick to my mom fuck grits everything me
nigga everything Giggsy
stacked to be rats you know what it is
got bundles in the closet bundles in the
mattress with a nigga parish put some
bundles in my casket I'm a hustler
good night evening and feed the steps
it'll work so much the shit's no longer
breathing kind of tend the appetite
parts of big toys malee got a v8 it
makes a big noise race it down the block
i'm studing all these haters I'm black I
leap I'm the motherfucking greatest big
to hide this on the risk be died my soul
today I wish my thirst with hit a seat
keep the Moab I got money in the paint
and money in the safe try me if you
won't see guns in your face on
everything big nigga every pink deep
from the ass so my chick took my off of
the grid everything big digger
everything big insects big rats you know
what it is everything nigga everything
big from the ass on my cheek to my mop
of grits everything
everything Giggsy stacks big brats you
know what it is so you call my father so
I put my jacket
stand up underneath a bitch and got my
back you know
so I answer she said there's a
difference between the stripper and a
dancer a stripper is a hole and a dance
it's an artist she lightweight
intelligence so that makes you a target
for a pimp
cuz I'm already selling dreams to these
brawls it's all the nigga doing funniest
money I don't care how kid if she says
she just wants to speak bitch she don't
get high everything big that's the name
of the song my load in the grill okay
now go everything bigger everything big
from the ass or my chick to pop off of
the grid everything big digger
everything big expects big rats you know
what it is